389-ds-base kept
389-ds-base-libs kept
ElectricFence kept
MySQL-python kept
OpenIPMI kept
OpenIPMI-libs kept
PyGreSQL kept
PyQt4-devel kept
SDL-devel kept
alsa-lib-devel kept
amanda-server kept
ant kept
apr-devel kept
apr-util-devel kept
atk-devel kept
audit-libs-devel kept
autoconf kept
automake kept
automoc kept
avalon-framework kept
avalon-logkit kept
babel kept
bcel kept
bind kept
bind-chroot kept
bind-dyndb-ldap kept
binutils-devel kept
bison kept
boost kept
boost-devel kept
boost-graph kept
boost-math kept
boost-python kept
boost-serialization kept
boost-test kept
boost-wave kept
byacc kept
bzip2-devel kept
bzr kept
cairo-devel kept
cgdcbxd kept
check kept
check-devel kept
chrpath kept
cmake kept
compat-dapl kept
compat-opensm-libs kept
conman kept
crypto-utils kept
cscope kept
cups-devel kept
cvs kept
cyrus-imapd kept
cyrus-imapd-utils kept
cyrus-sasl-devel kept
dapl kept
dbus-devel kept
dbus-glib-devel kept
dejagnu kept
dhcp kept
diffstat kept
dovecot kept
dovecot-mysql kept
dovecot-pgsql kept
dovecot-pigeonhole kept
doxygen kept
dump kept
e2fsprogs-devel kept
ecj kept
edac-utils kept
elfutils-devel kept
elfutils-libelf-devel kept
environment-modules kept
evolution-data-server-devel kept
expat-devel kept
expect kept
fftw kept
fftw-devel kept
fftw-static kept
fontconfig-devel kept
foomatic kept
foomatic-db kept
foomatic-db-filesystem kept
foomatic-db-ppds kept
freeglut kept
freeglut-devel kept
freeipmi kept
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog kept
freeipmi-ipmidetectd kept
freeradius kept
freetype-devel kept
fuse-devel kept
gcc-c++ kept
gcc-gfortran kept
gcc-gnat kept
gcc-objc kept
gcc-objc++ kept
gdk-pixbuf2-devel kept
gettext-devel kept
gettext-libs kept
git kept
glib2-devel kept
gmp-devel kept
gnome-common kept
gnutls-devel kept
graphviz kept
graphviz-tcl kept
gsl-devel kept
gtk2-devel kept
gtk2-devel-docs kept
gvfs-devel kept
hamcrest kept
hardlink kept
hsqldb kept
httpd kept
httpd-devel kept
httpd-manual kept
httpd-tools kept
hunspell-devel kept
hwloc kept
i2c-tools kept
ibacm kept
ibutils kept
ibutils-libs kept
imake kept
indent kept
infiniband-diags kept
intltool kept
ipa-server kept
ipa-server-trust-ad kept
ipmitool kept
iptables-devel kept
isns-utils kept
jakarta-oro kept
java-1.6.0-openjdk-devel kept
java-1.7.0-openjdk-devel kept
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel kept
javassist kept
jdom kept
junit kept
kdegraphics-devel kept
kdegraphics-libs kept
kdelibs-devel kept
kdenetwork-devel kept
kdepim-devel kept
kdepimlibs-devel kept
kdesdk-devel kept
keyutils-libs-devel kept
krb5-devel kept
krb5-server kept
krb5-server-ldap kept
ksc kept
lasso kept
libICE-devel kept
libSM-devel kept
libX11-devel kept
libXScrnSaver-devel kept
libXau-devel kept
libXaw-devel kept
libXcomposite-devel kept
libXcursor-devel kept
libXdamage-devel kept
libXext-devel kept
libXfixes-devel kept
libXft-devel kept
libXi-devel kept
libXinerama-devel kept
libXmu-devel kept
libXp-devel kept
libXpm-devel kept
libXrandr-devel kept
libXrender-devel kept
libXt-devel kept
libXtst-devel kept
libXv-devel kept
libXxf86misc-devel kept
libXxf86vm-devel kept
libacl-devel kept
libaio-devel kept
libattr-devel kept
libblkid-devel kept
libcanberra-devel kept
libcap-devel kept
libcap-ng-devel kept
libcmpiCppImpl0 kept
libcom_err-devel kept
libcurl-devel kept
libdbi kept
libdbi-dbd-mysql kept
libdbi-dbd-pgsql kept
libdbi-drivers kept
libdrm-devel kept
libesmtp kept
libgcrypt-devel kept
libgdata-devel kept
libgnat kept
libgnat-devel kept
libgpg-error-devel kept
libgudev1-devel kept
libgweather-devel kept
libhugetlbfs kept
libhugetlbfs-devel kept
libhugetlbfs-utils kept
libibcommon kept
libibmad kept
libibverbs-utils kept
libical-devel kept
libieee1284-devel kept
libjpeg-turbo-devel kept
libmemcached kept
libmng-devel kept
libmsn kept
libnl-devel kept
libnl3-cli kept
libnotify-devel kept
libobjc kept
libpng-devel kept
librdmacm-utils kept
librsvg2-devel kept
libselinux-devel kept
libsepol-devel kept
libsoup-devel kept
libstdc++-devel kept
libtasn1-devel kept
libtiff-devel kept
libtool kept
libtool-ltdl-devel kept
libuuid-devel kept
libvirt-devel kept
libvirt-java-devel kept
libwsman1 kept
libxcb-devel kept
libxkbfile-devel kept
libxml2-devel kept
libxslt-devel kept
lm_sensors kept
lm_sensors-devel kept
log4j kept
lsscsi kept
mailman kept
mc kept
memcached kept
mercurial kept
mesa-libGL-devel kept
mesa-libGLU-devel kept
mesa-libGLw kept
mesa-libGLw-devel kept
mgetty kept
migrationtools kept
mod_auth_kerb kept
mod_auth_mellon kept
mod_authnz_pam kept
mod_dav_svn kept
mod_intercept_form_submit kept
mod_lookup_identity kept
mod_nss kept
mod_revocator kept
mod_ssl kept
mod_wsgi kept
mpfr-devel kept
mpitests-mvapich2 kept
mpitests-openmpi kept
mstflint kept
mt-st kept
mtx kept
mysql-connector-java kept
mysql-connector-odbc kept
nasm kept
ncurses-devel kept
net-snmp-devel kept
net-snmp-utils kept
nspr-devel kept
nss-devel kept
nss-softokn-devel kept
nss-softokn-freebl-devel kept
nss-util-devel kept
numactl kept
numactl-devel kept
numpy-f2py kept
nuxwdog kept
objectweb-asm kept
openhpi kept
openhpi-libs kept
openldap-devel kept
openldap-servers kept
opensm kept
opensm-libs kept
openssl-devel kept
openwsman-client kept
openwsman-server kept
pam-devel kept
pango-devel kept
papi-devel kept
patchutils kept
pcre-devel kept
perftest kept
perl-CGI-Session kept
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum kept
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA kept
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random kept
perl-DBD-Pg kept
perl-Devel-Symdump kept
perl-Encode-Detect kept
perl-Error kept
perl-File-Slurp kept
perl-FreezeThaw kept
perl-Git kept
perl-Mail-DKIM kept
perl-MailTools kept
perl-Net-DNS kept
perl-NetAddr-IP kept
perl-Newt kept
perl-Pod-Coverage kept
perl-Test-Pod kept
perl-Test-Pod-Coverage kept
perl-TimeDate kept
perl-XML-LibXML kept
perl-XML-SAX kept
perltidy kept
pexpect kept
php kept
php-cli kept
php-common kept
php-gd kept
php-ldap kept
php-mysql kept
php-odbc kept
php-pdo kept
php-pear kept
php-pecl-memcache kept
php-pgsql kept
php-soap kept
php-xml kept
php-xmlrpc kept
pixman-devel kept
pki-ca kept
pki-symkey kept
polkit-devel kept
polkit-docs kept
popt-devel kept
portreserve kept
postgresql kept
postgresql-contrib kept
postgresql-devel kept
postgresql-docs kept
postgresql-odbc kept
postgresql-plperl kept
postgresql-plpython kept
postgresql-pltcl kept
postgresql-server kept
postgresql-test kept
pulseaudio-libs-devel kept
python-babel kept
python-configshell kept
python-devel kept
python-docs kept
python-ipaddr kept
python-linux-procfs kept
python-matplotlib kept
python-memcached kept
python-paste kept
python-psycopg2 kept
python-rtslib kept
python-schedutils kept
python-sqlalchemy kept
python-sss kept
python-tempita kept
python-tevent kept
python-urwid kept
qca-ossl kept
qdox kept
qperf kept
qt-devel kept
qt-odbc kept
qt-postgresql kept
qt3-MySQL kept
qt3-ODBC kept
qt3-PostgreSQL kept
qt3-devel kept
quagga kept
rcs kept
rdist kept
readline-devel kept
redhat-lsb kept
redhat-lsb-printing kept
redhat-release-server kept
regexp kept
rhdb-utils kept
rmt kept
rpm-devel kept
rpmlint kept
rrdtool kept
rsyslog-mysql kept
rsyslog-pgsql kept
samba kept
sane-backends-devel kept
sblim-cim-client2 kept
sblim-cmpi-base kept
sblim-cmpi-fsvol kept
sblim-cmpi-network kept
sblim-cmpi-nfsv3 kept
sblim-cmpi-nfsv4 kept
sblim-cmpi-params kept
sblim-cmpi-sysfs kept
sblim-cmpi-syslog kept
sblim-gather kept
sblim-gather-provider kept
sblim-indication_helper kept
sblim-sfcc kept
sblim-smis-hba kept
sblim-wbemcli kept
scipy kept
screen kept
scrub kept
sendmail kept
sendmail-cf kept
sip-devel kept
slapi-nis kept
slf4j kept
spamassassin kept
sqlite-devel kept
squid kept
startup-notification-devel kept
subversion kept
suitesparse kept
svrcore kept
swig kept
symlinks kept
sysfsutils kept
systemtap-sdt-devel kept
systemtap-server kept
tbb kept
tbb-devel kept
tcl-devel kept
tcl-pgtcl kept
tcp_wrappers-devel kept
tdb-tools kept
tftp-server kept
tk kept
tk-devel kept
tomcatjss kept
tree kept
tuna kept
unbound kept
units kept
unixODBC-devel kept
uuid kept
velocity kept
vsftpd kept
watchdog kept
ws-jaxme kept
wsmancli kept
xalan-j2 kept
xdelta kept
xerces-j2 kept
xferstats kept
xml-commons-resolver kept
xmlsec1 kept
xmlsec1-openssl kept
xorg-x11-proto-devel kept
xz-devel kept
ypserv kept
zlib-devel kept
