389-ds-base-devel kept
ImageMagick-c++-devel kept
ImageMagick-devel kept
ImageMagick-doc kept
NetworkManager-glib-devel kept
OpenEXR kept
OpenEXR-devel kept
OpenIPMI-devel kept
OpenIPMI-python kept
SDL-static kept
a2ps kept
abrt-devel kept
abrt-python-doc kept
alsa-plugins-arcamav kept
alsa-plugins-maemo kept
alsa-plugins-oss kept
alsa-plugins-samplerate kept
alsa-plugins-speex kept
alsa-plugins-upmix kept
alsa-plugins-usbstream kept
alsa-plugins-vdownmix kept
ant-contrib kept
ant-contrib-javadoc kept
ant-javadoc kept
ant-jmf kept
ant-manual kept
antlr-javadoc kept
antlr-manual kept
apr-util-mysql kept
apr-util-odbc kept
apr-util-pgsql kept
apr-util-sqlite kept
asciidoc kept
aspell-devel kept
at-spi-devel kept
atlas-devel kept
audiofile-devel kept
audit-libs-static kept
augeas-devel kept
autoconf213 kept
autotrace kept
autotrace-devel kept
avahi-compat-howl kept
avahi-compat-howl-devel kept
avahi-compat-libdns_sd kept
avahi-compat-libdns_sd-devel kept
avahi-devel kept
avahi-dnsconfd kept
avahi-glib-devel kept
avahi-gobject-devel kept
avahi-qt3 kept
avahi-qt3-devel kept
avahi-qt4 kept
avahi-qt4-devel kept
avahi-ui-devel kept
avahi-ui-tools kept
avalon-framework-javadoc kept
avalon-logkit-javadoc kept
baekmuk-ttf-fonts-ghostscript kept
bash-doc kept
batik-demo kept
batik-javadoc kept
batik-rasterizer kept
batik-slideshow kept
batik-squiggle kept
batik-svgpp kept
batik-ttf2svg kept
bcel-javadoc kept
bea-stax-javadoc kept
bind-devel kept
bind-sdb kept
bison-devel kept
bison-runtime kept
bitmap-fonts-compat kept
blas-devel kept
bluez-cups kept
bluez-libs-devel kept
boost-doc kept
boost-graph-mpich kept
boost-graph-openmpi kept
boost-mpich kept
boost-mpich-devel kept
boost-mpich-python kept
boost-openmpi kept
boost-openmpi-devel kept
boost-openmpi-python kept
boost-static kept
brlapi-devel kept
brlapi-java kept
brltty-at-spi kept
brltty-xw kept
bsf-javadoc kept
bwidget kept
byaccj kept
cairomm-devel kept
cdparanoia-devel kept
celt051-devel kept
check-static kept
cim-schema-docs kept
clucene-core-devel kept
cmake-gui kept
cppunit kept
cppunit-devel kept
cppunit-doc kept
cracklib-devel kept
crash-devel kept
crda-devel kept
cvsps kept
cyrus-sasl-ldap kept
cyrus-sasl-ntlm kept
cyrus-sasl-sql kept
dbus-doc kept
dbus-python-devel kept
debugmode kept
deltaiso kept
devhelp-devel kept
device-mapper-devel kept
device-mapper-event-devel kept
dhcp-devel kept
dirsplit kept
dmraid-devel kept
dmraid-events-logwatch kept
dnsmasq-utils kept
doxygen-doxywizard kept
dracut-caps kept
dracut-tools kept
drpmsync kept
elfutils-devel-static kept
elfutils-libelf-devel-static kept
emacs-a2ps kept
emacs-a2ps-el kept
emacs-auctex-doc kept
emacs-el kept
emacs-git kept
emacs-git-el kept
emacs-gnuplot-el kept
emacs-mercurial kept
emacs-mercurial-el kept
enchant-aspell kept
enchant-devel kept
enchant-voikko kept
epydoc kept
exempi-devel kept
exiv2-devel kept
expect-devel kept
expectk kept
fence-sanlock kept
file-static kept
fipscheck-devel kept
flac-devel kept
flex-devel kept
fontforge kept
fontforge-devel kept
fontpackages-devel kept
fontpackages-tools kept
fop-javadoc kept
fprintd-devel kept
freetype-demos kept
gc-devel kept
gd-devel kept
gd-progs kept
geoclue-devel kept
geoclue-doc kept
geoclue-gui kept
ghostscript-doc kept
ghostscript-gtk kept
giflib-devel kept
giflib-utils kept
git-all kept
git-cvs kept
git-daemon kept
git-email kept
git-gui kept
git-svn kept
gitk kept
gitweb kept
glib2-doc kept
glib2-static kept
glibc-static kept
glibmm24-devel kept
glibmm24-doc kept
glusterfs-api-devel kept
glusterfs-devel kept
gmp-static kept
gnome-bluetooth-libs-devel kept
gnome-menus-devel kept
gnome-python2-devel kept
gnome-session-custom-session kept
gnome-settings-daemon-devel kept
gnu-efi kept
gnupg2-smime kept
gnuplot-doc kept
gnuplot-latex kept
gnuplot-minimal kept
gperf kept
gpgme-devel kept
gpm-devel kept
gpm-static kept
graphviz-devel kept
graphviz-doc kept
graphviz-gd kept
graphviz-graphs kept
graphviz-guile kept
graphviz-java kept
graphviz-lua kept
graphviz-php kept
graphviz-python kept
graphviz-ruby kept
groff-perl kept
gsm-devel kept
gsm-tools kept
gstreamer-devel-docs kept
gstreamer-plugins-base-devel-docs kept
gtk2-immodules kept
gtkmm24-devel kept
gtkmm24-docs kept
gtkspell-devel kept
guile-devel kept
hamcrest-demo kept
hamcrest-javadoc kept
help2man kept
hesiod-devel kept
html2ps kept
hwloc-devel kept
icon-naming-utils kept
icu kept
ilmbase-devel kept
imsettings-devel kept
infinipath-psm-devel kept
inkscape-docs kept
inkscape-view kept
iproute-devel kept
iproute-doc kept
irssi-devel kept
iscsi-initiator-utils-devel kept
isdn4k-utils-devel kept
isdn4k-utils-vboxgetty kept
iso-codes-devel kept
jakarta-commons-httpclient-demo kept
jakarta-commons-httpclient-javadoc kept
jakarta-commons-httpclient-manual kept
jakarta-oro-javadoc kept
jakarta-taglibs-standard-javadoc kept
jasper-devel kept
jasper-utils kept
java-1.6.0-openjdk-demo kept
java-1.6.0-openjdk-src kept
java-1.7.0-openjdk-demo kept
java-1.7.0-openjdk-javadoc kept
java-1.7.0-openjdk-src kept
java-1.8.0-openjdk-demo kept
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc kept
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src kept
java_cup-javadoc kept
java_cup-manual kept
javacc kept
javacc-demo kept
javacc-manual kept
javassist-javadoc kept
jdepend-demo kept
jdepend-javadoc kept
jdom-demo kept
jdom-javadoc kept
jflex kept
jflex-javadoc kept
jna-javadoc kept
jsch-demo kept
jsch-javadoc kept
json-c-devel kept
json-c-doc kept
jss-javadoc kept
junit-demo kept
junit-javadoc kept
junit-manual kept
jzlib-demo kept
jzlib-javadoc kept
kdelibs-apidocs kept
kexec-tools-eppic kept
ladspa kept
ladspa-devel kept
lapack-devel kept
latex2html kept
ldapjdk-javadoc kept
ldb-tools kept
lemon kept
lftp-scripts kept
libXevie-devel kept
libXfont-devel kept
libXres-devel kept
libXxf86dga-devel kept
libarchive-devel kept
libassuan-devel kept
libasyncns-devel kept
libatasmart-devel kept
libatomic_ops-devel kept
libavc1394-devel kept
libbasicobjects-devel kept
libcacard-devel kept
libcap-ng-python kept
libcap-ng-utils kept
libcdio-devel kept
libcgroup-pam kept
libcollection-devel kept
libconfig-devel kept
libdaemon-devel kept
libdhash-devel kept
libdmx-devel kept
libdv-devel kept
libdv-tools kept
libedit-devel kept
libee-utils kept
libevdev-devel kept
libevdev-utils kept
libevent-devel kept
libevent-doc kept
libfontenc-devel kept
libfprint-devel kept
libgnomekbd-devel kept
libgtop2-devel kept
libgxim-devel kept
libibmad-devel kept
libibmad-static kept
libicu-doc kept
libid3tag kept
libid3tag-devel kept
libiec61883-devel kept
libiec61883-utils kept
libieee1284-python kept
libimobiledevice-devel kept
libimobiledevice-python kept
libini_config-devel kept
libipa_hbac-devel kept
libjpeg-turbo-static kept
libksba kept
libksba-devel kept
libmalaga kept
libmatchbox-devel kept
libmicrohttpd-devel kept
libmicrohttpd-doc kept
libmudflap kept
libmudflap-devel kept
libnl3-doc kept
libogg-devel kept
libogg-devel-docs kept
liboil-devel kept
libotf-devel kept
libpaper-devel kept
libpath_utils-devel kept
libpcap-devel kept
libpciaccess-devel kept
libplist-devel kept
libplist-python kept
libpng-static kept
libproxy-devel kept
libproxy-gnome kept
libproxy-kde kept
libraw1394-devel kept
libref_array-devel kept
librelp-devel kept
libreport-devel kept
libreport-gtk-devel kept
libsamplerate-devel kept
libselinux-static kept
libsemanage-devel kept
libsemanage-static kept
libsepol-static kept
libshout-devel kept
libsigc++20-devel kept
libsigc++20-doc kept
libsmbclient-devel kept
libsndfile-devel kept
libspiro-devel kept
libss-devel kept
libssh2-devel kept
libssh2-docs kept
libsss_idmap-devel kept
libsss_nss_idmap-devel kept
libsss_simpleifp-devel kept
libsysfs-devel kept
libtar-devel kept
libtasn1-tools kept
libthai-devel kept
libtheora-devel kept
libtheora-devel-docs kept
libtiff-static kept
libtirpc-devel kept
libuninameslist kept
libuninameslist-devel kept
libunistring-devel kept
libusb-static kept
libuser-devel kept
libutempter-devel kept
libv4l-devel kept
libvirt-lock-sanlock kept
libvisual-devel kept
libvoikko-devel kept
libvorbis-devel kept
libvorbis-devel-docs kept
libvpx-devel kept
libvpx-utils kept
libwacom-devel kept
libwmf-devel kept
libwpd-devel kept
libwpd-tools kept
libwpg-devel kept
libwpg-tools kept
libwvstreams-devel kept
libxcb-doc kept
libxklavier-devel kept
libxml2-static kept
libxslt-python kept
libyaml-devel kept
linuxdoc-tools kept
lksctp-tools-devel kept
lksctp-tools-doc kept
lm_sensors-sensord kept
lockdev-devel kept
log4j-javadoc kept
log4j-manual kept
lua-devel kept
lua-static kept
lvm2-devel kept
lzo-devel kept
m17n-db-devel kept
m17n-lib-devel kept
malaga kept
malaga-devel kept
memcached-devel kept
mercurial-hgk kept
mesa-demos kept
mesa-libOSMesa kept
mesa-libOSMesa-devel kept
mesa-libgbm-devel kept
mesa-libxatracker-devel kept
mesa-private-llvm-devel kept
minizip kept
minizip-devel kept
mobile-broadband-provider-info-devel kept
mpage kept
mtdev-devel kept
mtr-gtk kept
nasm-doc kept
nasm-rdoff kept
ncurses-static kept
neon-devel kept
netcf kept
netcf-devel kept
newt-devel kept
newt-static kept
nss-pkcs11-devel kept
nss_compat_ossl-devel kept
ntp-doc kept
ntp-perl kept
ocaml kept
ocaml-camlp4 kept
ocaml-camlp4-devel kept
ocaml-docs kept
ocaml-emacs kept
ocaml-ocamldoc kept
ocaml-runtime kept
ocaml-source kept
ocaml-x11 kept
openjpeg kept
openjpeg-devel kept
openldap-servers-sql kept
openobex-apps kept
openobex-devel kept
openscap-devel kept
openscap-engine-sce kept
openscap-engine-sce-devel kept
openscap-extra-probes kept
openslp-devel kept
opensm-devel kept
opensm-static kept
opensp-devel kept
openssh-ldap kept
openssl-perl kept
openssl-static kept
oprofile-devel kept
pakchois-devel kept
pam_ssh_agent_auth kept
pangomm-devel kept
papi-static kept
papi-testsuite kept
parted-devel kept
pciutils-devel kept
pciutils-devel-static kept
pcp-export-zabbix-agent kept
pcp-import-collectl2pcp kept
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp kept
pcp-import-iostat2pcp kept
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp kept
pcp-import-sar2pcp kept
pcp-libs-devel kept
pcp-pmda-cifs kept
pcp-pmda-infiniband kept
pcp-pmda-mic kept
pcp-pmda-rsyslog kept
pcp-pmda-samba kept
pcp-pmda-slurm kept
pcp-pmda-snmp kept
pcp-pmda-vmware kept
pcp-pmda-zimbra kept
pcp-testsuite kept
pcre-static kept
pcsc-lite-devel kept
pcsc-lite-doc kept
perl-AppConfig kept
perl-B-Keywords kept
perl-CSS-Tiny kept
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable kept
perl-Class-Inspector kept
perl-Clone kept
perl-Config-Simple kept
perl-Config-Tiny kept
perl-Devel-Cover kept
perl-Devel-Cycle kept
perl-Devel-Leak kept
perl-Devel-StackTrace kept
perl-Exception-Class kept
perl-File-Copy-Recursive kept
perl-File-Find-Rule kept
perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl kept
perl-File-HomeDir kept
perl-File-Remove kept
perl-File-Which kept
perl-File-pushd kept
perl-Font-TTF kept
perl-GD-Barcode kept
perl-Hook-LexWrap kept
perl-IO-Tty kept
perl-IPC-Run kept
perl-IPC-Run3 kept
perl-Image-Base kept
perl-Image-Info kept
perl-Image-Xbm kept
perl-Image-Xpm kept
perl-Locale-Maketext-Gettext kept
perl-Locale-PO kept
perl-Module-Install kept
perl-Module-ScanDeps kept
perl-Number-Compare kept
perl-Object-Deadly kept
perl-PCP-LogImport kept
perl-PCP-LogSummary kept
perl-PCP-MMV kept
perl-PPI kept
perl-PPI-HTML kept
perl-Package-Generator kept
perl-PadWalker kept
perl-Perl-Critic kept
perl-Perl-MinimumVersion kept
perl-Pod-POM kept
perl-Pod-Spell kept
perl-Probe-Perl kept
perl-Readonly kept
perl-Readonly-XS kept
perl-String-Format kept
perl-Sub-Exporter kept
perl-Sub-Uplevel kept
perl-Syntax-Highlight-Engine-Kate kept
perl-Taint-Runtime kept
perl-Task-Weaken kept
perl-Template-Toolkit kept
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta kept
perl-Test-ClassAPI kept
perl-Test-Deep kept
perl-Test-Differences kept
perl-Test-Exception kept
perl-Test-Inter kept
perl-Test-Manifest kept
perl-Test-Memory-Cycle kept
perl-Test-MinimumVersion kept
perl-Test-NoWarnings kept
perl-Test-Object kept
perl-Test-Output kept
perl-Test-Perl-Critic kept
perl-Test-Script kept
perl-Test-Spelling kept
perl-Test-SubCalls kept
perl-Test-Taint kept
perl-Test-Tester kept
perl-Test-Warn kept
perl-Text-Glob kept
perl-Tie-IxHash kept
perl-Tree-DAG_Node kept
perl-Unicode-Map8 kept
perl-Unicode-String kept
perl-WWW-Curl kept
perl-XML-LibXSLT kept
perl-XML-TokeParser kept
perl-XML-TreeBuilder kept
perl-prefork kept
php-bcmath kept
php-dba kept
php-devel kept
php-embedded kept
php-enchant kept
php-fpm kept
php-intl kept
php-mbstring kept
php-pspell kept
php-snmp kept
plymouth-devel kept
plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber kept
plymouth-plugin-script kept
plymouth-plugin-space-flares kept
plymouth-plugin-throbgress kept
plymouth-theme-fade-in kept
plymouth-theme-script kept
plymouth-theme-solar kept
plymouth-theme-spinfinity kept
pm-utils-devel kept
poppler-devel kept
poppler-glib-devel kept
poppler-qt-devel kept
popt-static kept
ppp-devel kept
pptp-setup kept
psutils-perl kept
pth-devel kept
publican kept
publican-doc kept
publican-redhat kept
pulseaudio-esound-compat kept
pulseaudio-module-zeroconf kept
pyldb-devel kept
pyorbit-devel kept
pytalloc-devel kept
python-libvoikko kept
python-matplotlib-tk kept
python-nss-doc kept
python-sphinx kept
python-sphinx-doc kept
python-test kept
python-tools kept
qdox-javadoc kept
qt-demos kept
qt-examples kept
qt3-config kept
qt3-designer kept
qt3-devel-docs kept
quota-devel kept
rarian-devel kept
rasqal-devel kept
readline-static kept
recode-devel kept
redland-devel kept
regexp-javadoc kept
rest-devel kept
rhino-demo kept
rhino-javadoc kept
rpm-apidocs kept
rpm-cron kept
rrdtool-devel kept
rrdtool-doc kept
rrdtool-php kept
rrdtool-python kept
rrdtool-ruby kept
rrdtool-tcl kept
rsyslog-snmp kept
ruby-tcltk kept
rubygem-rake kept
rubygems-devel kept
samba-winbind-krb5-locator kept
sanlock kept
sanlock-devel kept
sanlock-lib kept
sanlock-python kept
satyr-devel kept
satyr-python kept
saxon-demo kept
saxon-javadoc kept
saxon-manual kept
saxon-scripts kept
scl-utils-build kept
sendmail-devel kept
sendmail-doc kept
sendmail-milter kept
setools kept
setools-devel kept
setools-gui kept
setools-libs-tcl kept
sg3_utils-devel kept
sgabios kept
sharutils kept
slang-devel kept
slang-slsh kept
slang-static kept
slf4j-javadoc kept
slf4j-manual kept
soprano-apidocs kept
sox-devel kept
speex-devel kept
speex-tools kept
spice-server-devel kept
sqlite-doc kept
sqlite-tcl kept
strigi kept
subversion-devel kept
subversion-kde kept
subversion-perl kept
subversion-ruby kept
sudo-devel kept
svrcore-devel kept
swig-doc kept
syslinux-devel kept
syslinux-perl kept
systemtap-runtime-virtguest kept
systemtap-testsuite kept
t1lib-apps kept
t1lib-devel kept
t1lib-static kept
taglib-devel kept
taglib-doc kept
tcl-brlapi kept
tclx kept
tclx-devel kept
teckit kept
teckit-devel kept
texi2html kept
texinfo-tex kept
texlive-xetex kept
tigervnc-server-applet kept
tigervnc-server-module kept
tix-devel kept
tix-doc kept
tog-pegasus-devel kept
tokyocabinet-devel kept
totem-pl-parser-devel kept
trousers-devel kept
trousers-static kept
tuned-profiles-oracle kept
usbredir-devel kept
usbredir-server kept
ustr-debug kept
ustr-debug-static kept
ustr-devel kept
ustr-static kept
uuid-c++ kept
uuid-c++-devel kept
uuid-dce kept
uuid-dce-devel kept
uuid-devel kept
uuid-perl kept
uuid-php kept
valgrind-devel kept
valgrind-openmpi kept
velocity-demo kept
velocity-javadoc kept
velocity-manual kept
voikko-tools kept
volume_key-devel kept
wavpack-devel kept
wsdl4j-javadoc kept
xalan-j2-demo kept
xalan-j2-javadoc kept
xalan-j2-manual kept
xalan-j2-xsltc kept
xcb-proto kept
xcb-util-devel kept
xcb-util-image-devel kept
xcb-util-keysyms-devel kept
xcb-util-renderutil-devel kept
xcb-util-wm-devel kept
xerces-c-devel kept
xerces-c-doc kept
xerces-j2-demo kept
xhtml1-dtds kept
xhtml2fo-style-xsl kept
xhtml2ps kept
xisdnload kept
xkeyboard-config-devel kept
xml-commons-apis-javadoc kept
xml-commons-apis-manual kept
xml-commons-resolver-javadoc kept
xmlgraphics-commons-javadoc kept
xmlrpc-c-apps kept
xmlrpc-c-c++ kept
xmlrpc-c-client++ kept
xmlrpc-c-devel kept
xmlto-xhtml kept
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-devel kept
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi kept
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx kept
xorg-x11-server-Xnest kept
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb kept
xorg-x11-server-devel kept
xorg-x11-server-source kept
xorg-x11-util-macros kept
xorg-x11-xinit-session kept
xorg-x11-xkb-extras kept
xorg-x11-xkb-utils-devel kept
xorg-x11-xtrans-devel kept
xulrunner-devel kept
yajl-devel kept
yum-NetworkManager-dispatcher kept
yum-plugin-auto-update-debug-info kept
yum-plugin-fastestmirror kept
yum-plugin-filter-data kept
yum-plugin-fs-snapshot kept
yum-plugin-keys kept
yum-plugin-list-data kept
yum-plugin-local kept
yum-plugin-merge-conf kept
yum-plugin-post-transaction-actions kept
yum-plugin-priorities kept
yum-plugin-protectbase kept
yum-plugin-ps kept
yum-plugin-remove-with-leaves kept
yum-plugin-rpm-warm-cache kept
yum-plugin-show-leaves kept
yum-plugin-tsflags kept
yum-plugin-upgrade-helper kept
yum-updateonboot kept
zlib-static kept
zsh-html kept
